KEP-6063: Update minimum per-pod PID limit from 1024 to 128 (#6217)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-node/6063-pod-pid-limit/README.md

### Valid Values

>  - **Minimum**: 128

Reviewer: Could we carry a short version of the justification into the doc itself? The measurement data lives only in this PR description, and future readers of the KEP will see a bare 128 with no basis.
```suggestion
 - **Minimum**: 128 (based on measured PID usage of multi-container pods with exec probes and PreStop hooks, observed peak 47 PIDs)
```

2. **Interaction with existing PID exhaustion protections**
   - Risk: A Pod could set a very low PID limit, making itself non-functional.

>    - Mitigation: API validation enforces a minimum of 128 and a maximum of 16384, so extremely low or high values are rejected. Even at the minimum (128), the pod has sufficient PIDs to function.

Reviewer: One caveat worth capturing here: the pids controller counts every thread, not just processes. From the kernel cgroup v2 documentation, "Note that PIDs used in this controller refer to TIDs, process IDs as used by the kernel" (https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/cgroup-v2.html#pid), and thread creation via clone() fails with EAGAIN at the limit. The measured workloads here are thread light, while common runtimes are not: a default Tomcat connector alone allocates up to 200 request processing threads (https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-10.1-doc/config/http.html) and the Go runtime budgets up to 10000 OS threads by default (https://pkg.go.dev/runtime/debug#SetMaxThreads). So 128 is sufficient for typical workloads rather than universally sufficient, and it may be worth saying so.
```suggestion
   - Mitigation: API validation enforces a minimum of 128 and a maximum of 16384, so extremely low or high values are rejected. The minimum (128) provides sufficient PIDs for typical workloads. Note that the pids cgroup controller counts threads, so thread-heavy runtimes (for example a default Tomcat connector alone can create up to 200 request threads) should set a higher limit.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we can add this to KEP as well as documentation but still allow a lower value like 128 as it is the lower bound and not a default.

Author: Reverted this change
